mom
How can I let you serve your husband and wife?
Don't give it to you, don't connect, you are just a brat,
Do you dare to do things in front of yourself?
You do it for me, don’t give it to me,
I feel like the land in King Dong’s hands is holding my feet,
Only you understand my territory and take action against his people,
You, your feet will make mistakes,
But the outside world has to be you, doing things in front of this king,
Who do you think you are?
You're right to let us take advantage of this,
I am the chosen king,
Haha, you are the chosen king,
Then I hand over the selection king, you are not bad, you are not bad, you are not bad, you are not bad, you are not bad, you are not bad, you are not bad, you are not bad, you are not bad, you are not bad, you are not bad, You're not bad, you're not bad, you're not bad, you're not bad, you're not bad
This is Dongwang Ran Tianchen
Your cat says Beijiang God King
You can't let us lose all our money.
You should be the king of the east.
After all, Beijiang God King
He is just a loser and the Eastern King is a god
Am I the Beijiang God King?
Can you defeat the talented Eastern King?
I'm using this to wake you up by smelling it, right? I'll wait for you later
You will know Feng Quan
Wait for Feng Quan to come over
Quan Xiang is the number one fighter under Beijiang God King
He was the leading minister in charge of the God King's visit to Beijing.
You can really wear it
Mom just looked down on the flowers.
It's really conceivable
Only in order to see and wear